CHASING THE SUNSET
[Terknoovland]
In one small but beautiful plasticine country,
in one bright plasticine house
lived two wonderful plasticine creatures — Terk and Noovl.
True, there was also Eye with them,
but he was always on the last floor and never went out.
So, one fine evening,
Noovl and Terk were resting in the living room.
Noovl,
it's your move!
d1-d2.
Oh, I didn't think that you'd do that move.
What time is it?
Twenty-five minutes past nine.
So, the sunset is in half a minute!
Come quickly!
Wait for me!
Ah... What a sunset!
This sunset was a good one!
Terk, am I not in time?
Almost.
But it's...
unfair.
You move faster than me.
Ah...
But over the last three years
I have never missed either a sunset or sunrise!
What should we do?
You know, Noovl,
if you could now climb higher, you might be able to see it.
And, when you first see it, it would be like a sunrise,
and few people could watch the sunrise at this time.
Yes, that would be wonderful!
But, how can I climb to such a height?
The roof of our house is not high enough, is it?
No, you need to climb higher.
Oh, how clever you are, Terk!
Hmm. And it'll be able to fly?
Hold it a minute.
Put it on.
But... Isn't hydrogen dangerous?
Ah. Yes, but it's not a problem.
That's much better!
Come on.
Whoopie!
Ah! Wow!
Bye!
Bye, I'll be back before supper!
Here's the sun! Hooray!
The end